Docs update platform operator (#712)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshstack.identity-provider.md

title: Identity Provider
---

> Platform Operators must be aware of the following requirements and limitations for IdPs serving as identity sources for meshStack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Partners must be aware of the following requirements and limitations for IdPs serving as identity sources for meshStack.
```

- SAML
- Azure AD

> meshStack supports the simultaneous integration of multiple [Enterprise Identity Providers (IdPs)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Identity_provider) at the Identity Broker. This allows Platform Operators to combine identities from different sources in the platform and unify management of multi-cloud access in meshStack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meshStack supports the simultaneous integration of multiple [Enterprise Identity Providers (IdPs)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Identity_provider) at the Identity Broker. This allows Partners to combine identities from different sources in the platform and unify management of multi-cloud access in meshStack.
```
